It thought I'd talk really quickly about something that a lot of you guys have been mentioning which
is what do I do.
At this stage in the process if there is something in my application I forgot to tell the freelancer
to do.
First off don't fret about it.
It's not a big deal.
A lot of developers expect this to happen if there are good developer.
They should know that going to forget things.
I do it all the time still to this day and I have a professional process by which I and other people
go through and develop the specifications what you should do if that is the case to rectify this issue.
One look at the contract in the agreement that you had with them if you're on a per hour basis it's
really simple you say hey I screwed up this is something I'd like to add.
And they're just going to charge you for the amount of time that it takes.
So that works perfectly if it's a fixed price.
What you need to do is look back at your specifications in your contract and see whether or not it actually
does include it.
And then if it doesn't explicitly include it look to see if it implies that there are a lot of times
that you'll forget to say they'll do this simply because you didn't think that they wouldn't need that
instruction.
For instance you might think that you don't need to explicitly tell them that you need intermediary
screens like you don't need a screen that pops up and says error or when something goes wrong they might
just have standard text at the top or they might not display anything because they're following the
instructions to the T.
If that's the case look to see if it's implied.
Most developers if you tell them that this was implied or they should have known that the product wouldn't
be good if they didn't do this we'll do that.
And if they don't then unfortunately you just need to negotiate out a additional payment try to keep
it low try to obviously say that like you know it's both your fault that's not a big deal that's the
worst case scenario would you still just have to pay a little bit extra money.
But if your contract did cover it your specifications incurred then great if it didn't allow you to
pay a little bit extra.